Add branch squash command (#1)
jonboiser/git-spice: testdata/script/branch_squash_no_edit.txt

as 'Test <test@example.com>'
at '2024-03-30T14:59:32Z'

cd repo
git init
git commit --allow-empty -m 'Initial commit'
gs repo i

# Create a branch with two commits
git add feature1.txt
gs branch create branch-to-squash -m "First message in squashed branch"
git add feature2.txt
git commit -m "Second message in squashed branch"

# Create another branch
git add feature3.txt
gs branch create rebased-branch -m "First message in rebased branch"

# Go back to branch that will be squashed
gs down

# Squash the branch with --no-edit flag

> gs branch squash --no-edit

Author: ```suggestion
gs branch squash --edit --no-edit
```

-- repo/feature1.txt --
Feature 1

-- repo/feature2.txt --
Feature 2

-- repo/feature3.txt --
Feature 3

-- golden/branches.txt --
* bcd1234 (rebased-branch) First message in rebased branch

> * 902a31a (feature-branch) First message in squashed branch

Author: ```suggestion
* 902a31a (branch-to-squash) First message in squashed branch
```
